---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-24T17:35:38.521Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-24T17:35:11.541Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-24-d8abc17d-5144-4437-8c2f-94def2a87864.md
published: true
url: d8abc17d-5144-4437-8c2f-94def2a87864/index.html
_type: Article

---
My name is Tellman Harold Knudson. 

Yes, that's my real name. I was named after my Great Grandfather - an inventor, a Norwegian and an all around incredible guy...

or so they tell me. I didn't ever get a chance to meet him.

But I can tell you this. I've looked up to him my whole life. 

He spent the latter years of his life on his farm, in his secret-shack working on his inventions. 

The big one? The Perpetual Motion Machine...

But that's a story for another day.

My grandfather (Harold Knudson) was also an inventor. 

He invented all sorts of crazy stuff. 

The world-war II gas mask filter.

The material that would later become Wet-Ones(tm)

The Fuel Filter for Rockets...

The Oil Filter fiber for Automobiles!...

The material in batteries that separates the chemicals and allows batteries to work!...

And get this.

He invented The Cigarette Filter!...

Who woulda thunk it?

And there is this whole story about how my dad (Rolf Olav Knudson) started smoking when he was 8 years old...

That also is a story for another day.

Speaking of my dad... He isn't an inventor.

My dad is a Dentist.

But not just any dentist.

He's an Entrepreneur.

He's owned his own business since I was born. 

And though I didn't realize it at the time...

Seeing my dad define his own destiny... Build not one, but multiple businesses through his life...

Lose everything more than once... Including his life!...

And making a come-back time after time.

Well, that's probably been the biggest "invisible influence" on my life.

Because I didn't realize it until now. Just now, as I am typing this letter to you - I never really understood how much of an incredibly powerful and impactful influence my father's work ethic has had on me.

We never got along.

It's kind of sad actually. He and I were like oil and water from the very beginning. 

But then again, I had that relationship with pretty much everyone in my life.

It was just more exxagurated with my dad because well... He was my dad.

We had lots of oppourtinity to argue.